doc: Doc fixes (#9298)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_radio_coex.rst

   See :ref:`ug_multi_image`.

.. note::

>    When using the :ref:`ug_radio_cx_nrf700x_impl` manually selecting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_CX` Kconfig option is not needed.

Author: @FrancescoSer could you check/suggest? Would this be correct: When using the :ref:`ug_radio_cx_nrf700x_impl`, manually selecting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_CX` Kconfig option is not needed.

>    When using the :ref:`ug_radio_cx_nrf700x_impl`, manually selecting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_CX` Kconfig option is not needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When using the :ref:`ug_radio_cx_nrf700x_impl`, you do not need to select the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_CX` Kconfig option manually.
```

1. Add the devicetree `nrf_radio_coex` node as described in :ref:`ug_radio_cx_nrf700x_hw_if`.
2. If :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI` is set to ``y`` and one of the supported SR protocols is enabled no additional steps are needed.
   If you do not wish to use the radio coexistence implementation, you must set  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_CX` to ``n``.

> 3. If :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI` is disabled or none of the supported SR protocols are enabled the implementation must be enabled manually with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_CX` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_CX_NRF700X`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI` is disabled or none of the supported SR protocols are enabled, the implementation must be enabled manually with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_CX` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_CX_NRF700X`.
```
